SCENE: ROCKY HAS A DREAM AND ROLL WAKES HIM UP
* nightmare
* roll wakes him up about her dream
* info dump
* we learn how roll has rocky's memories.
* then the next scene is rocky remembering the previous day.
Instead I want rocky to prepare for guitar class recital.
This will be a new scene but one I want to try out.
Glad I have a short scene to write. Perhaps it needs more substance? I'm writing one scene but
it's part of a larger chapter.
I just realized rocky has dreams he later says he doesnt. I'll come back to this.

-- Chapter One: Rocky's Dreams

Rocky! Rocky!
a strange voice shoted me name as I stood in pitch black darkenss.
Wjere am I?
The lighst shot on and and I moved my arm infront of my face to block out the light. I looked around
I was standing up on a stage. before me a corwd of people sta pointing and laughing
Rocky!

//Lights shot on and I looked around me. I was up on a stage the bottles and rocks crowd heurl across the floor 
//as the people contiued to laugh and point in their seats.
// They were laughing at me.
I took some steps downstage.
spreading my arms I opened my mouth, the crowd grew silent.
...
I couldnt remeber.
The words didnt come to me. What was I supoosed to say?

the silence died and the crowd continued laughing this time hurling object toward me.
I covered my face with my arms then noticed the bright red glow behind me. I turned towards it. 
//Then a was a bright red glow shot behind me and I turned towards it.

There was a giagantic robotic hand, glowing red hot like lava. 
No... stay away... I said stepping backwards.
the robotic hand crept closer.
Rocky!
hand moved towars getting closer and closer untill...

Rocky!

OOFFF

I woke up in my bed to find my sister Roll jumping on top of me.

Rocky! I had one again! I had one!

Our dog joined roll and jumped on top of my bed circling around and stepping on my legs several
times before jumping back off.

Rocky I had another dream... Do you want to hear what it was?!

I looked at the clock on my internal interface.
Roll, it's 4:15 AM! I have to practice in the morning...

Roll's green eyes lit up with excitement, ignoring what I said completely she curled her legs up and beamed at me intently. Rocky, ok rocky here's how my dream went I was stadning on a building, no that's not how it started. How did it go again?

Sigh... My little sister, Roll. Well, I call her my little sister. She was actually in development before me, but only came online a year ago. Decding who the older sibling is can get pretty complicated when you're both robots!

Roll's design is a little different from mine. When I first came online even though I looke dthe same I was  like a baby in terms of what I knew. I had to learn how to talk and read and write. For roll however Dr. Light decded he use my data to program roll before she first came online.

Oh, I remember it now! Roll said, clapping her hand together happily.
brushing her long blonde hair out her face roll looked at me intently as she began her story.
I was sitting on the egde of a building playing a guitar, then a big red monster jumped on top of me. And the, when I stood up, a giant came! And took mmy guitar away! Do you remember anything like that?"

Roll was only supposed to know about pratical things from my data however... as tiem has gone on Ive learned that roll has access to some of my personal memories. it started when roll would tell me about these dreams she has. I coulnt help but notice how similar they were to things that have happened to me. At this point Roll remebers half of my life during last year, even all the most embarrasing stuff. It's really annoying honestly.

I put my fist to my chin and thoguht about it for a moment. Oh, I know. That was from my second year. Around the time Rush first came online. Ava brought him to school when picking me up and he was so exicted when he saw me that he jumped up on me and knocked my guitar out of my hands. Oscar from grade six came and helped me replace the broken strings.

Really?! Roll asked excitedly. Do you still have the gutiar can I play it? She said, looking around frantically.

// maybe I could move above exposition here and remove this. We can infer how annoyng Rocky finds Roll.
Even though Roll is supposed to be my “age” she really acts just like a kindergartener. She cries when she doesn't get her way, she will blurt out the most embarrassing things at the most awkward times. It’s so annoying. I've told Dr. Light about it, but insists it isn't a problem. He doesn't have to put up with Roll as much as I do.

“No, Roll! I said. I have to go back to sleep. Now, go back to bed or I won't help you understand your dreams anymore!”

And after hearing this, Roll sprinted out of the room.

Running away, Roll left the door open and my room was filled with light from the hallway.

…She could have at least shut the door behind her.


--- NEXT SCENE: ROCKY GETS READY FOR SCHOOL
originally I have the scene were rocky and roll go to the zoo. I'm cutting this for now. I want rocky to start preparing for the recital. This is a good chance for us to learn about rocky who he is what he wants how he relates to those around him.

rocky is preparign for the play hamlet as a  guitarist
rocky gets dressed and talks briefly about his appearance and body.
I dont mind being a robot

"I think the only thing I don't like about it is being different…I like being a robot. I just don't like feeling different from other kids. Or the things people say sometimes. 

I’m really not so different from everybody else. I was just made in a different way.
"
Here we see Rocky pushing against the thesis of the book: is a person born into a bad situation better of dead?
Rocky is treating the syptoms and not the cause.
That becuase he is a robot he is different and because he is different others will judge him.
-rework
rocky wants to be accepted and admired.
part of him hates being seen as different cause hes a robot
rocky has gieven up on makking friends at his currrent school due to bullies
he wants to prove everyone wrong

- what do I want to happen in my rework scene?
rocky thinks about the recital. its  a big deal for him.
he has dreams of being a famous muscian.
Light loves music and rocky want to make light proud.
Rocky wnats to play music for many reasons.
He knows people love music, he beeives that if his music is good enough people will forget hes a robot.
he wants to prove robots can become artists
he wants to impress light who named rocky after his love of music
he wants light to call him son and be told his is loved.
in thruth rocky is quite lonely.
Whats keeping him going is the hope tha light loves him, light is good, and one day light will accpet rocky as a son.
That rocky believes that even though he is a robot he really isnt different from other people.
// he will come to learn this is wrong. he is different and the world will mistreat his kind because of their differences.
thrhough rockys relationship to other robots rocky will see that he isnt really like other people 
but that robots have feelings too. That people are mistreating them.


SCENE: Rocky Leaves for School

Brief interaction between Ava, Roll, Rush, and Rocky before he lieaves for school.
I'm rewriting this scene. Not sure how I'll do it yet.
I think what i'll do is have a brief interaction with Quatre eating breakfast before I jump straight to the recital.
The scene with Quatre will be a good intro for us to learn more about Rocky.
Some of his shame about being a robot.
What his relationship with his one friend looks like

Only prbolam is-didnt we already learn a lot of this info as Rocky stayed awake to practice?
What else do we learn then?
I think we'll write the scene then see what happens.
There's a lot in the original script I like, my issue is that it doesnt jump straight to the action or provide
anything about Rocky that tells us about the problem he's facing and motivates us to want to see how this issue will pan out.
I want for this second draft to be more concise and to introduce us to the intresting issue Rocky is dealing with.
We want to know what Rocky's struggle and desire is and how he intends to deal or not deal with it.

In a nut shell: the robotic boy feels judged, excluded, unloved by his creators. he plans to impress them through his talent as an arttist.
Will he be able to do it? How will he respond to failure?

-- Further thoughts
After the rectial, rocky wonders if other humans will ever appreciate him.
He tells us as long as he has Light's approval he is content. We also learn about rocky's shame as a robot.
this will be an issue when rocky grows to care more for robot masters and sees light and other humans more negatively and diff from him.
I may or may not use the math class scene. I want to jump to the action.

THEMES IN ACT ONE: rockys struggle for acceptence, shame as a robot, desire to please light, 
virus and fear of robots, Rocky's growing compassion for robots and distrust of humans, The villian the prototype (created by humans), 
arrives, the theat to humans and robots, rocky sees the chance to help Light robots and people as MegaMan,
Rocky is forced to destroy robots,
Rocky sees the evil people do,
Rocky hears of the real cause of the virus: robots want to die,
Rocky decides he will protect the one person he loves,
he loses that person
END ACT ONE   

These are the major beats up and coming:

SCENE: ROCKY GETS LEAVES FOR SCHOOL
SCENE: MATH CLASS
SCENE: LUNCH, BULLIES, AND ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI
SCENE: BAND LAST REHEARSAL
SCENE: ROCKY TAKES RUSH FOR A “WALK”
SCENE: ROLL’S FIRST NIGHTMARE
SCENE: ROCKY GOES TO SEE REI
SCENE: ROLL’S DEBUT

- SCENE: Rocky Leaves for School

By the time I walk over to close the door I realize I'm as good as awake.
Just as well. At least now I have more time to reherse. I walk over to the side of my room decorated in music paraphelia.
Posters, vinlys, and piles of CDs decorate the wall. Elvis, the beatles, Van Halen, and even some posters of classical composers like 
Mozart and Bach all the artists I look up to!
People always think it's stange for a robot like me to listen to so interested in all these old music. Epsceially when 
so many people today listen to digital music, give me the sound of a real instrument any day!
I pull old trusty and which was on his standy out his case. sitting on the edge of my bed I admire my wood brown gutar and feel its weight against
my body.
I pull out my tuning fork and after striking it against my knee begin tuning the strings.
My eyes wainder towards my wall of posters as I listen intently listen to each notes.
Elvis presely, The Beatles, Van Halen, Green Day, and Paramore. I even have posters of classical composers like Beetoven and Bach!
People always think it's starange for a robot like me to be so intrested in old music. Espcially when the music most people listen to now
is all didgital. Give me a real instrument anyday! You can hear the passion in each notes. People just dont get it.
Rock-y. Rock-and-roll? Dr. Light named us after his love for music. He even toled me that when he was a boy  
he wanted to be in a rocky band, but that he wasnt any good at guitar.

I pull out my sheet music before I laughing it and placing it down. You dont need sheets when you get the heart of the song.
With precision I begin strumming each note and each chord of our recital piece, pressing my fingeers to the frets just tight enough to hear 
full clear ring.
1, 2, 3, 1,2,3
I can hear the crowd already.
Rocky! Rocky!
I toss my hands up and walk up to the mic.
Thank you thank you.
I try to give a speech but the crowd contiues shouting my name.
Rocky rocky!
And they said rock and roll was dead I laugh to myself.
I can already see the headline: Robot brings back real music.
The news reports face reveal awe as they talk about my newest albums success.
Rocky's solo album has already gone triple platnum within it's first week.
They said guitars and drums were a thing of the past. They said that the one thing a robot could never do was create art.
That was before the world got to see dr. lights light greatest creation for what he really is!
That was before they knew about me!
The crowd continues chanting and I raise me first in the air in triumph. The crowd goes wild.
I turn my head when I hear a subltle clap and see a man walking towrds me on the stage.
Dr. Light?!
Well, done rocky well done. Dr. Light smiles contently. I expected nothing less of my greatest creation.
I smile and shoot my eyes down in emabressment. I let out a weak, I-I just hope you like it, Doctor. I said.

I look up when I feel Dr. Light firmly grasp my sholder.
Of course I'm proud of you, son....

knock knock. My beaustiful vision is inturupted when I hear a loud, persistant, annoying rap at my door.

What are you doing in there Rocky?! Were going to be late for school!

//After playing the piece from start to sinsih three times I finally decide to take a break and shake out my hands.
//Guess its about time I start ed getting ready.
//Walking to the closet and pull out my short, shirt, and tie. A our schools uniform.
//Most kids hate that we have to wear times, but not me. For me it makes me feel
I check the time. It was already past 6am.

The door creaks open and a tall dark haired woman with bright red lips and thinkly layered glass enters the room.
Is everything alright Rocky? SHe asks in her typical bright and cheery tone.
Ava Lovelace. An assitant of doctors light's specifically tasked with the job of over seeing the development of me and roll. Basically our nanny. She's the olny person who lives
in this house besides me, Roll and our dog rush.

I see you got caught up in practing again, Ava laughs, placing her hand to her chin.


Oh, sorry I say! Quickly running over to pull my uniform out of the dresser before running inside of my bathroom to put it on.

Now I'm going to be late because of you! Roll shouts loud enough to be heard through the door.
Just we wont even have time for breakfast now! ANd I'm hungry!

Pulling up my time, lean my head through door. I get roll I get jeez you dont have to make.
I was finsihed speaking rocky! Roll  sighs. You know, you really should listen when you older sister is talking to you!

Older sister? Since when? I'm your big brother! I state.

Heh.. Roll gives a cocky grin. Like I'd believe that. I was in developemnt befor eyou ROCKY! And guess what that makes me? 
You older sister! 
What! I gasp wh-who told you.
Ava did.
Ava! I shoot a glance in Ava's direction.

Oh, I'm sorry rocky. She exclaims. Was I not supposed to tell Roll?

Yes! I exclain. Cause now I'll never hear the end of it. I point in rolls direction, Listen, Roll... You may have been in development before me, but the
only reason you know anything is because you have my memory data--are you listening?!

Who's a good boy? Who's a goood boyyyy...
Ignoring me completely, Roll bends over on the ground to scratch Rush's white metal tummy as he violently wags his tail.

Anyway, let's get goingm Roll stands up. I havent even packed my breakfast yet. now I'm going to be Hungry all day. 
I already packed lunch for you Ava says handing her a light blue chunli thememed lucnh box. And I packed one for you as well, Rocky.
Roll wucilky picks open her box. lets see... Pb&J, Sweet roll, carrots, juice. Uggh... carrots! Could I get another sweet roll instead?”
Now, Roll, Ava raises her finger. You need to eat your vegetables. Just because you and rocky are robots doesnt mean you shouldnt eat healty! 

Ha, youre right, Roll stcicks out her tongue and places her hand behind her head. I'll be sure to eat those too. You'll be a good mommy one day, Ava.

Now Roll! Ava places her hand over her mouth as she gasps. Look roll, I'm just dr light's lab assistant I could hardly be considered you and rocky's mother.
I mean  unless me and dr. light started dating and he wanted to... She palces her hands over her eyes as her face turns beat red. No no that's totalyy inappropriate. 
Listen, you and rocky should just think of me as one of Dr. Light's feelow scietists, or a nanny, our maybe even a a dear aunt... 
Though I wonder what Dr. Light would think if he heard you call me that... do you think he'd...

Okay roll I'm ready. I climb on top of ruhes back as he turns his legs into levitaing mode. Come on! We'll get to school faster on rush!

Roll steps onboard as she grabs onto my shoulders.

Even if we get there on time, I'm still going to be mad at you, rocky.

Wait! Ava shouts, I'll take you two!

--- SCENE: MATH CLASS
Here I will replace with something else. I want Rocky to have a moment with Qautre before the recital.
I may skip to the rectial after that.
We'll see
12/15
//Well have a good day you twi=o!
Ava says looking back after stopping the car.
Me and roll unbuckle our seat belts. 
Me and roll just arrived at Jupiter the school
Hey ava could you nulock the
// I like the idea of the Blue Bombers being a sports team at their school
// Maybe the bullies are on the football team
// Now I'm adding all these layers and need to dial back. This isnt a cute sports show.
// What I want to focus on is rockys isolation, rolls lack of reaaction to lonliness, and rockys reletionship to music and Quetre
The car stops; we've arrived at school. Blue Sky Elementary. The school that's been been my personal prison for the last two years.
The car doors slide open and  me and Roll make our way out. Though later than we usually arrive, we still made it to the school early.
From the few students and families that have already arrived I can see the typical finger pointing and side glances. I toss my backpack over my should and do my best 
to ingnore he.
"Oh, wow robots..."
Yes, we're robots!
And Ive been a robot everyday for the past two years I've attended this school!
Is it really so shocking? You'd think the novelty would have worn off at this point. No idea what they even say to themsevles now.
Roll of course remains blissfully unaware of it all. And the moment she hops out of the care waves to every person staring at us, as if they were her best friend.

Amongst the ccaloous stares and converstaions there stands out our principal paxton and his wife one of our teachers. 
 From the school pricipal and his wife that just shot us a glance I imagine what they say to eachother.
It's a boy... and a girl... but there made of metal!
As in not non-metal?
And there students here!
You mean.. they take classes with the other students?!
Indeed they do... Did I mention that they're ROBOTS.

I shoot the principla a glance back and wave as I chuckle and shake my head. The stupidity of it all is almost funny.
Ava starts to pull off the curb when I call out wait! Ava! The commun almost cause me to forget that I left my guitar in the trunk.
Of all days, forgetting that would be the very worst.

The trunk door flies open and I grab my guitar case when another car pulls up close behind us.
A familiar voice calls out, Hey, Rocky, Roll, morning!
A tallish, big-boned, boy with oval shaped glasses calls out.
He quickly hops out of his mother's car and aproaches us, already carrying his guitar in its case in his hands.
You ready for today's rectial, Rocky? Quatre asks. He sets his guitar down and pulls his school tie from out of his pocket clipping it on then and there.
Ready?... Quatre, ready doesnnt even describe it.

Rocky Ava still seated patiently in the car calls out. Did you get everything you need?
Yeah, ava thanks.

Quatre quatres mther calls out sticking a lunch bag outside the window.
Quatre runs told the window and takes the lunch from her hand before, giving quatre an imploring look.
Ah, mom. He relunctantly leans his head cloer and his mother kisses him on both cheeks.
Love you, Quatre!
Love you too!
Have a good day at school! 1/16
I as Quetra;s moves pull of the curb I look back towards ava who seems to be busy typing some messgae into her dvice. Putting it down, I see roll wave bye to ava
as she drives away.

So Rocky you were saying-? Is everything ok? You look sad.
I pull my eyes away from ava's car and look back towrds quatra.
Uh, yeah, no I'm fine. Anyway, about the recital. I practiced a lot.
I bet qutre smiles pulling out his tie.
No, body works harder than you, Rocky.
I feel a tug on my shirt.
Ro-cky Roll says. You just gonna stand there all day? Well I'm heading in withour you. Breakfast is gonna close soon.

---
// where do I want to go at this point? Some other classes? to the cafeteria? to math class? I'm worried that the rectal would be too sudden of a jump.
Maybe I can have the math class scene. let me think about it for a second.

---
Scene Breakfast Cafeteria: This is what actually happens, whether or not I use it in the story or move it around, mix and match certain pieces of it in different places, we will see.

3...
I let the final chord draw out and slowly open my eyes.
Seated at the school breakfast cafeteria, I'm seated with across from Roll and Qautre. I just performed the piece I'd be playing for the rectal.
So what do you think I ask quatre who is currently stuffing his face with the lunch Ava packed for me.
hmmm... It's good. Qutre said between bites. But mmm I dont know... He takes a final bite of the sandwhich before downing a boxed orange huice in gulp. 
Ah, I think you might have gone a little too hard with the solo part. Ms. Hodan only asked us to do the first page.

Too hard? I quip. I dont think you know what this means for me Quatra. I said. This isnt about the play this is about my 

---
Skip to recital.

The bell rings. Show time.
Music is my last class before lunch break. And I'm totally ready. I walk to my locker and seeing my guitar case, briefly pause before running my hand along the 
cold black material.
Rocky rocky. 
I can hear the voices chant. the voices of my future fans.


